listen I like Bohemian Rhapsody right I
think it's worth a rented because I had
a great time watching it but even I who
liked it have to stand back in question
some parts because like obviously if a
movie gets the rights to use Queens
music it's gonna rock you since you like
Queens music but then you got to ask
yourself if what you're really liking in
the movie is what the filmmakers brought
to the table or if it's the soundtrack
you can stream on Apple music back home
especially when you consider some
bamboozling that was happening behind
the scenes
let me explain so if you don't know who
Queen is no it's not a damn Nicki album
like I heard some kids saying on Twitter
Freddie was never that petty it's one of
the greatest rock bands of all time what
I think is so interesting about them is
that I know a bunch of people who know
Queens music but they may not know
anything about the band so I think it is
cool to get these big bio pics from time
to time but I think the best part of
this movie is rami malek who's been in a
bunch of stuff right my dude has been
grinding at it for years but it wasn't
until that one role where people finally
started taking him seriously and
treating him like the king of acting
that he is I speak on Gugu but now as
surprised as I am that they were able to
catch Romney on video the only thing
that stood out to me about his
performance where the teeth and like
yeah I understand that Freddie had an
overbite I get that's a part of who he
is he even says that that's why he's
able to sing the way he does but why'd
y'all make my boy Ramsay look like the
duck from Chicken Little I know that a
lot of complaints are about how the
movie is paced super quickly right I
completely agree with that I know my
dudes got a song called don't stop me
now but man did y'all rush to their
limelight overnight we want to go from
them being broke in a broken van to
touring like two scenes later Freddy
glanced at a cow and somehow got
inspired to write Bohemian Rhapsody they
were coming up with anthems the way
superhero movies come up with their
group names come a long way since the
garage it's fantastic
and while I know that some of y'all
gonna call that nitpicking I understand
that there's actual behind-the-scenes
stuff to it latest movie goes way back
to when Sasha Baron Cohen was supposed
to do it and that man would have killed
it if you haven't seen Sasha do his more
serious roles he can sing he can act he
can definitely look a lot like Freddie
Mercury but then the rest of the band
hit him with a big no after his pitch
and since he was under pressure he just
left and I think much of it because if
you know Sasha Baron Cohen you know he's
made some projects that are really out
there so when people are saying that he
wanted it to be a hard-r and it was
supposed to be super wild almost
disrespecting the legend I can see how
it could have gone overboard so instead
they went for Dexter Fletcher who did
Eddie the Eagle but then another one bit
the dust and he was gone they then get
Brian singer who loves working with
young talent but then in the middle of
filming after getting like two-thirds of
the movie done do just stop showing up
because he was having conflict with some
of the people he got fired causing them
to call Fletcher backup to finish it
that's why I give a big shout out to
this dude because he didn't even care
that he was getting credit my man just
wanted to make sure that the film about
this legend was done that's a real one
right there
unlike other directors but then that
took me back to the Sacha Baron Cohen
scenario right about him quitting
because he was having problems with the
band and then the band just saying that
he was going to disrespect Freddie
Mercury but what if the band was lying
and what if some of those lies made it
to the movie hear me I remember and
Straight Outta Compton how all the
surviving members or most of the
surviving members got a say in the movie
as producers and because of that some of
the incidents involving dr. Dre just got
rushed over meanwhile there's a
fabricated scene of the late eazy-e
staring up at a chronic poster in
despair and he's just full of jealousy
the chronic wasn't even out yet point is
that the living get to tell your stories
and sometimes if they're the ones who
are in the movie they get to switch or
omit things for their benefit there's
even another movie out there called
beautiful boy that I may make a video on
that does the same thing of having the
story sway one way because of the
producer being able to tell you what to
do and my dudes in this movie come out
looking like angels compared to Freddy
they
never late they left the parties early
they were always looking squeaky-clean
how one of them they didn't even look
like a rockstar Bichir H&R block advisor
so when you realize that some things are
made up you definitely start feeling
bamboozled for example it took me like
10 minutes to realize that this man
right here was freaking Mike Myers until
I really listened into his voice it's
not a bra I haven't seen Mike Myers and
so long that to do turn into Walter from
The Big Lebowski and while his role does
bring his Wayne's World role full circle
right like I got the point of it and I
got what he was supposed to represent in
the trial of the band but considering
that it's a biopic about the band
considering its supposed to be a true
story this dude ain't even a real person
is that gonna be a big deal to most you
know probably not since most of us
missed Mike and we're glad to see him
again but then you got that scene that
builds up to the climax in IMAX which
y'all know I love I mag sold that ending
was incredible and I loved it but that
20 minute sing-along scene for the Live
Aid concert is preceded by a scene where
Freddy tells his boys that he has AIDS
and not only did they lie about not
having performed in years even though
they just finished doing it tour but my
dude wasn't even diagnosed till years
later so from someone who loves the
finality of this movie what now yeah I
get that movies change of things all the
time to manipulate or hide in emotions
right and in this case they decided to
kind of move around some facts in order
to really heighten up that scene at the
end but some people would say that if it
makes the ending worth the price then so
what I would say so what about that
breakup scene
remember when Freddy tells him he's
about to go more solo than to rule oh
and these dudes act like the slide
sisters talking about how their family's
getting broken up how they're so hurt
how they can't believe that he's leaving
them in order to make his own at these
two already had their own like years
before Freddy ever released his these
two had their own so how y'all gonna
make us see where you're blaming him for
breaking up the band there's a film
where you do the very hedonistic illicit
explicit gratuitous side but you don't
get to celebrate this human being who
means so much to so many people I mean
what he is gonna be able to do for a new
generation give them the voice make them
feel
Boldin and powerful that's what you want
to see that aspect of his life now I
agree with Rama's point right I didn't
expect this movie to be a wild wolf of
wallstreet party I understand wanting to
keep his legacy intact and wanting to
make him an inspirational character I
mean just look at the relationship with
Mary played by the girl who's never
found a street that didn't involve
singing that was the best part of the
movie like even though they broke up and
she knew Freddy's orientation was
different they still loved each other
till the end when Freddy got that team
townhouse for his cats he made sure his
best friend had the house next door
where they can replicate that Taylor
Swift video their relationship was so
pure that she was the only one who
didn't want to get fully involved with
the production cuz her love for him was
for her but these dudes over here I'm
not saying it's super malicious right
there clearly the people who were
closest to him right they're the people
who knew ambass the people who loved him
but for a legendary figure y'all gave
him the solo effect you know he's
supposed to be the sporadic uncage
spirit and y'all made the most by the
numbers movie it could possibly be but
if it's supposed to be a biopic right
you definitely shouldn't be rearranging
the truth because if there's one person
I wouldn't want to mess with it's the
dude who told his own mama that he
killed the me right unlike you assigned
at TD his souls gonna find you thank you
guys for checking out this video I'm
here to know your thoughts down below in
the comment section like I said I like
this movie I'm being critical of a movie
that I like because I know it could be
better but I've still seen this movie
twice I recommend that I just I think
it's kind of have the jobs effect and
where we talked about it on the intercom
podcast you can check out right here in
full we had this discussion about how if
you remember that movie jobs you know
wasn't the greatest movie I don't think
it was terrible I think it had good
intentions but did the same thing it
mixed around some facts and timelines
but eventually years later we got Steve
Jobs which I think was one of the best
movies of that year so if something like
that happens for Freddie Mercury and
Queen and where we get this one but then
years later we get like I don't know a
really crazy artsy one that'd be dope I
also think it's really interesting
because there's a bunch of backstory
that we may not know about Freddy or
crazier things to get into you know I
didn't even know he was Indian I thought
my man was like a mystic vampire or
something so when I figured that out I
was like damn t-series what a pass
pewdiepie you know flash back then
that of course to know your thoughts
down below in the comment section do
those switches not mean anything to you
did you know about them let me know your
favorite queen song is stuff down below
and don't forget to comment like and
subscribe or Rama's twin will come after
you